Old student feeling
After drinking this wine
I'm still itching
Mom
How did it go?
Chubby old lady he
He got up.
Mrs. Ye has been paralyzed for many years
Can stand up again
That's so amazing.
How did he get up?
Grandma, be careful
Legs are fine
It's okay. My leg's okay
Mom
The wine delivered today worked, hahaha.
Madam, you have finally stood up again
Oh, dear.
Thank you Lord King's Landing for the wine
It's the old legs that can stand up again
In the past, I had many misunderstandings about military orders and adults
Please forgive me.
Lord Xingxiao
In the past, our Ye family was blind to Mount Tai
Teach you that adults have a lot of
Don't you want us to know each other?
Brother-in-law, no, no
Brother Xiao blames me for being born with a cheap mouth
Nothing I said before is true
Don't get to know me like that.
The Tianzhu wine I promised has been delivered.
Miss Chu
Do you still owe our Yufei an apology?